[music]
In today's video that will see how to grow
Swiss Chard in containers
Swiss Chard is grown for its leaves
It's green leaves
Now its stems might have different colors
But it's more like a substitute for growing
spinach
Simply because it's just so easy to grow
And it produces a lot of greens
And the best part about Swiss Chard is that
it grows year-round
So for Swiss chard you need a container which
is about 16 inches wide
by 6 inches tall
And I'm growing about 3 swiss chard plants
in it
For a single plant you might get away a 12-inch
container that's about 12 inches high
The Swiss chard leaves and stalks can be in
multiple colors
They can be green or red, white stalks, red
stalks
And one of the most common varieties that
people grow is called bright lights
Which is basically some mixture of yellow
green and red Swiss chard
And for the most part that's a good variety
to grow
But there is one variety that I highly recommend
growing
And that is called Ruby Red Swiss Chard
And the reason I recommend growing Ruby Red
is that
It's just so easy to grow them
They are very disease-resistant they produce
a lot and are easy to maintain and taste very
nice
One thing I do want to talk about swiss
chard as we are harvesting these leaves
Is that act swiss chard is mostly harvested
for its greens
So the kind of fertilizer that you need to
use for Swiss Chard
Needs to be wither a balanced fertilizer
Or a fertilizer that's high in nitrogen
That's gonna give you nice big leaves
And if you wanna go the organic way just make
sure
you use a lot of compost and a lot of manure
to give you that nice the big leaves that
Swiss chard is known for
And this Ruby Red variety is very prolific
Grows really well, very easily in containers
And will give you harvest all season long
Now those of you who have grown spinach
would know that Spinach is a little hard to
grow
The leaves are very small
So you need to grow a lot
And spinach is a cool season crop only
So it's really hard for you to grow spinach
in summers
Because they go to bolt
They producer flowers very soon
And then you're done
Swiss chard on the other hand can be grown
year around
And they will keep growing and growing till
its the end of the season
And you just get rid of it
Because a Swiss chard plant can produce
a lot of greens throughout its life cycle
[music]
So I hope you enjoyed this video
Happy Gardening!